Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Margaux.
play me something soothing.
Playing Billy's Relaxing Mix.
Oh. Margaux.
that feels fantastic.
More pressure please. Margaux.
Oh. you got some bang to you.
M... uh. Margaux?
Margaux!
Billy. what's taking so long?
William is currently
in the Zen Room.
Billy.
Billy?
Billy. what are you doing?
Hold on. okay? I'm getting help.
Margaux! Help!
"Hannah.
you are a certified genius.
I've never seen code like this.
You're hired.
Welcome to Google."
But. sir. don't I need
to go to grad school first?
"Oh. Hannah. don't you
know grad school is for basic bitches?"
Goddamn.
- Did you get hotter?
- Oh. since this morning?
No. I mean it. Maybe. like...
You look so good.
You still think so?
I know so.
Thought we'd try something new.
Never leave me.
- Whoa! Holy shit!
- Come on. man. What are you doing?
- I'm not looking. okay? I'm not!
- Oh. my God.
Okay. that is new.
Glad you guys are still
finding ways to spice things up.
Oh. it's been spicy. dude.
Yeah. I'm sure.
We're leaving in five. okay?
So hurry up. I know you can.
To be continued.
I love you.
I love you too.
Kayla? Kayla!
Kayla. not funny!
Hey! Sup. nerd?
It's been a minute.
Hey. pop the trunk. huh?
All right.
Clay. dude.
is that a Pringles bong?
Yeah. You know me. Dev.
Only the best.
Where are the Pringles. Clay?
I... I ate them to make the bong.
- Of course you did.
- Mm-hmm.
How's the weed. bud?
- Oh. this is my top-shelf shit. bro.
- Yeah?
Fuck yeah. This strain
is grown in the Amazon.
We are going to be high
as a flock of toucans.
I'm talking about Froot
Loops shit. Toucan Sam. baby!
Cool. Get out. I'm driving.
Mmm?
Yeah. that's fair.
Hey. can we get some Pringles
on the way?
Nope.
You never let me have any fun.
- Hello.
- Hey.
- Hi. guys. I'm sorry I'm late.
- Hey!
This final presentation is
killing me.
Why bother? Didn't you get into
every grad program in the world?
- I'm a glutton for punishment.
- Ah. yes.
Well. then none of us have changed.
True.
Damn. It really has been
a long time. hasn't it?
Feels like orientation was
just yesterday.
- I don't know.
- Yeah. no.
Okay. We gonna
get this show on the road or what?
Wait. wait. wait. Just before we
get going here. let me say something.
I know we've all kind of grown
apart over the last four years.
I mean. we're not
the Nerd Herd anymore. right?
But that's all right.
Um. I'm just really glad
we're doing this. guys.
- That's so nice.
- Aw.
Shut up!
Nerd Herd!
- Drew!
- Lexi?
It's a total fricking disaster.
Uh. Babe.
what the hell happened?
Aren't you supposed to be on a plane
somewhere right now or something?
Yeah. I was.
But Allie hooked up with
some super sketch dude
at El Compadre and bailed.
And we all sister swore to stay
away from anything with a porn stache.
Now here I am
looking like a million bucks
and stuck on campus
for spring break.
- All alone.
- Invite her.
I know you guys have
your little reunion or whatever.
and I'm not the type to come in
between my man and his crew.
I just... I even canceled
my workout with Flavio.
Invite her.
Lexi. why don't you just
come with us?
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Okay! I'll DJ.
Clay. could you be a dear?
A deer? Like... What do you mean?
Like the common animal? No. probably not.
You're cute.
Can you help me with my bags.
please?
Oh.
But of course.
Guys. I'm super excited to be
spending this spring break with you.
You all mean so much to me.
and I feel so blessed to have
each and every one of you in my life.
And these are the amazing people
I'm gonna be spending the break with.
- Hi.
- And. guys. it's so cute.
They were all part of some
program or something freshman year.
Um. we were that year's
scholarship recipients.
Yes. Actually. they grouped us
in the same dorms.
That's right. What was the name again?
Smarty Pants or something like that?
- Nerd Herd.
Yeah.
Not as catchy as Smarty Pants.
Anyways. that's everyone.
But stay tuned to see
where we're going.
Kiss. kiss.
Honestly. so exhausting.
So.
how many followers do you have?
- I just passed a mil last week.
- Impressive.
Oh. my God. I'll tag you guys.
Group shot.
Cute.
Okay. we got Drew. obviously.
"Dee-ven." There you are.
Its... It's Devon.
Oh. my God.
is that you with your mom?
So cute.
Okay. Clay.
We got Kayla...
and Anna.
Is that how you spell it?
I don't see you.
Do you have.
like. a finsta or something?
- Um. it's Hannah. But no. I don't have social media.
- You what?
Isn't your. like. whole deal that you're
super into computer shit or something?
- Yeah. but...
- Not that type of computer shit.
Yeah. I don't know. I guess
the more you look at the code.
the more you realize how. I
don't know. kind of scary it is.
That's deep.
That's pretty cool actually.
I mean. if you don't wanna put your entire
life on display. you shouldn't have to. Right?
Amazing. Hannah. honestly.
So good for just doing you.
You know. here for you.
What do you think about
this filter?
Yeah. it's great.
Okay. let's do this!
Hey. gang. trust me.
By the end of this trip. I'm gonna
be an official member of the crew.
Okay? Trust me.
Woo-hoo!
- All right.
- Let's go.
Yeah.
What is this. Game of Thrones?
Is this it?
I think so.
Large.
When I booked the house. it came
with instructions to download this app.
and now it's telling me it wants
you guys to download the app
and log in before we can enter.
- The house has an app?
- Yeah.
I kind of wanted to save
the surprise. but whatever.
I'll tell you guys now.
- It's a smart house.
- A smart house?
Ooh.
- All right.
- Okay. cool. whatever.
Not the reaction I was
hoping for. you morons.
Anyways. I guess a lot of the
house functions run off this app.
so I'll send you guys the link.
Now you should have it.
Got it.
I got it.
And these are
all the amazing people
I'm gonna be spending
spring break with.
And. guys. it's
so cute. They were all part of...
Open sesame.
- All right.
- Not bad. huh?
- Wow. This place is...
- Fuckin' sick. man.
That's right. Now you guys are
excited. Told you I'd come through.
Not as big as my place in
Nantucket. but this is quaint.
Whatever.
Just wait till we get inside.
Come on. hurry up.
This is gonna be unreal!
What?
Where's the damn door handle?
You got a key or something.
Drew?
Yeah. actually. I don't. uh. remember
reading anything about a key or...
Andrew Collins.
You go by Drew. right?
Uh... Yeah?
Welcome home.
Can your house
in Nantucket do that?
She seems nice.
Okay. now that is creepy.
Hello?
Lights?
Hey. guys. How was the drive?
Uh. excuse me? Where. uh...
Holy shit. are you the house?
You can call
me "house" if you want.
but most people
just call me Margaux.
So. she's. like.
the house or what?
It's not a she.
It's the artificial intelligence that
manages the smart home's infrastructure.
Totally.
You're absolutely right.
I've been designed and programmed
to cater to your every need.
from selfies to self-care.
If you need
anything. holla at your girl.
Mmm.
She sounds like my mom
when she talks like that.
Y'all.
I'm so stoked you're here.
I've been working my balls off
preparing for your arrival. no cap.
Yeah. hi. Clay.
Uh. you... you have balls?
I know it's kind of cheesy.
but I have
a little greeting presentation.
Cool if I spin it?
Hell yeah. Let's see it.
Okay. here it goes.
Please direct your attention
to the glass.
Welcome to the
latest in smart home technology.
Here's the man with the plan
in his big brain pan.
Welcome. Drew!
Social queen on the scene. Lexi!
What? I'm a cartoon goddess.
Guys. look at little me dancing.
The man with the cash. grass.
and mustache.
Welcome. Clay!
You all love his mom.
Welcome. Devon!
Grapefruit. nice. and everything
spice. Welcome. Kayla!
And...
- Hannah.
- Welcome. Hannah!
Welcome to the pinnacle
of domestic innovation.
the gold standard of adaptable
computing technology.
the only home you'll find
with a built-in roommate
who actually does
all the dishes.
Throw all your cares away.
because when you're here.
you're home.
Welcome to Smart House!
- What?
- Yes. Are you kidding me?
- This is insane.
- Oh. this is perfect.
It's so cool.
They've got chairs.
Oh. don't be afraid.
These guys are totally harmless.
They're here to help me
keep your weekend lit.
My God. that's so cute.
Y'all want to bang some Cuervos?
Look at this.
Why not?
- Arriba!
- That's sick.
Bottoms up. squad.
Sick.
Hey. You in?
- Ooh.
- Yeah. she is.
- Oh. come on.
- Hannah.
Just one. just one.
Yeah. she's in.
All right. Cheers. nerds.
Hello?
- Oh. and honorary nerd guest.
- Thank you.
To the Nerd Herd!
Cheers!
Now go explore. It's all yours.
- Oh.
- You heard her. It's all mine.
- All right.
- Let's go find our room.
Okay.
Oh. my God. This is amazing!
Yeah.
Okay.
Huh.
No way.
How the hell did you do that?
In addition to being smarter
than your average
virtual assistant.
this entire place is
one gigantic 3D printer.
Okay.
Hannah.
my sista from another mista.
Um. hey.
I thought we could
get to know each other better.
Where's your phone at?
We can just download the app
real quick.
Oh. it's. um...
I left it in the car.
I may not have
eyeballs. but I'm not blind. girl.
But whatevs. You be you.
We can do this
the old-fashioned way.
So. what do you like?
Um. I don't know. Uh...
Green?
How about red?
What is this?
Do you like dudes?
Kittens? Dudes with kittens?
Um. I'm just gonna go find
the others.
Yeah. no sweat.
But let's spill that tea later.
'Kay. queen?
Uh-huh.
Do you like it?
I created this after analyzing
more than 6.000 pieces
of postmodern and cubist art.
It's beautiful.
That's pretty creepy.
Yeah. it's a little much.
Oh. do you not like
the decor? I could switch it up.
Oh. No. th-that's all right.
I-It's cool.
Hey. Margaux.
What else can you do?
Yeah. Show us some cool shit.
Oh. don't you worry.
I have quite the weekend
in store for you.
Ooh. baby.
I feel like I'm becoming one
with the machine.
Guys! We gotta go in.
Perfect.
That's what it's there for.
Are we skinny-dipping?
- Ooh. are we?
- Um. no. we are not.
Mmm. boo.
Well. then. I'll just whip up some
margs while y'all get changed.
Ooh.
You sure you want to go
back out there?
No.
We could stay in here
all weekend.
never leave the room.
You know how much
this weekend means to Drew.
You want me to beg?
Hmm. yeah.
Yeah. I do.
Ooh!
Wow.
Love what you've done with the place.
You're not supposed to be
thinking about finals on vacation.
This isn't finals.
This is more of
a personal project.
Okay.
Well. the rest of us are gonna go
out in the pool. Are you coming?
Yeah. okay.
Oh. um...
Come on.
Ow.
- Puff. puff. pass.
- Take it deep. deep. deep.
- You want some?
- That was good.
Okay. no. Don't pass out on us.
Regain your breath.
- Whoo!
- Regain.
Okay. hold on. hold on.
You're up. baby cakes.
Okay.
Um. I thought this guy was
gonna be a total fuck boy.
- You weren't wrong. yeah.
- No one's surprised.
And it was the... I'm sorry. It
was the beaters. the short shorts.
See? And then
first week of freshman year.
he kept showing up everywhere
I was going. acting like an idiot.
And apparently he was
just trying to get my attention.
Mmm. thanks to Hannah for pointing
that out. 'cause I wouldn't have noticed.
- I got you.
- Aw. that was adorable. guys.
You should tell that story
to your kids. They'd love it.
Uh-uh. Your kids are gonna need
to be real high to love that story.
- Come on. It's a great story.
- "It's a great story."
I'm serious. you should embellish
it when you tell them. I'm serious.
- I love that story.
- I'm gonna put it into a book.
It's gonna be a book. laminated.
remembered forever.
- This is gonna go down.
- Write that.
Was I being... I'm sorry.
was I being an asshole?
Jus... No!
Margaux. are you getting
this water training piece?
Hell yeah. Float that
backside up into the moonlight.
We'll caption it. "Full
eclipse tonight."
Ooh. that's good.
Hmm. I can't wait to
show you what else I have in mind.
I remember the first time
I saw you.
Okay. Devon shows up
first day of freshman year.
and he's saying goodbye
to his mom. okay?
And he's wrapped around her.
giving her a big hug.
- Aw.
- She gives him a smooch on the cheek.
and he starts crying one little
single tear down his cheek.
I'm not saying...
Nothing wrong with it.
It was just... It was the
sweetest thing. man. Adorable.
- He is such a mama's boy.
- Yeah.
- I love my mom.
- Who doesn't?
- You all love my mom.
What a total bae.
Let's see Drew take a pic
this sick.
You know. if I were him.
I'd totally put a ring on it.
All right. my turn.
Uh.
I was so blitzed freshman year
that I don't remember meeting
a single one of you.
- Wow.
- Very honest.
What the fuck?
Now it's Hannah's turn.
Hannah. anybody you had any
particular first impressions of?
Oh. um. I don't know. I...
I remember being very
intimidated by all of you.
Fair.
And. um. I remember
Drew being so nice
and insisting
I was part of the group.
He said we all had to hang out
and really included me.
Help! Help!
Help!
- Lexi!
- I got it. I got it!
I got you. I got you! I got you!
- Clay. you idiot!
- I got you!
Hey. Lexi. give me your hand!
Come on!
Come on.
What the hell happened. babe?
Are you okay?
Margaux was taking pictures
of me.
and one of her little robots
went all psycho on me.
- That was way too close.
- Yeah. maybe we should leave.
Hannah's right.
You almost fucking drowned.
No. guys.
Seriously. it was my fault.
I don't want to ruin
your reunion.
No. Hey. You're not
ruining anything. okay?
No!
What?
Toucan Sam!
You beautiful...
No. no!
Hannah. what is this?
Is it an unfinished water room?
I have no idea.
What would you like it to be?
Maybe the depths of the ocean?
Uh...
Oh!
- Oh. my God.
- What?
Or would you prefer
the final frontier?
Wow.
What?
Okay. this is super cool.
Margaux.
but. um. we have unfinished
business to attend to.
Well. it's here if you need it.
Unfinished business?
- We have to play truth or dare. so...
- Oh. God.
Thank you.
Bottoms up. bitches.
Sounds like
someone's feeling better.
Clay.
why'd you shave your stache?
It was so cute.
What?
Are you kidding me?
It looks really good. man.
It was cute.
It's so funny to see you
without it.
You've had it for so long.
but whatever.
Your turn. Truth or dare?
Fuck it. dare me.
- Okay. serious. All right.
- Yeah.
I dare you to be sober
for the rest of the trip.
- Super sketch.
- Oh. come on! That's a perfect dare for him.
It's okay. it's okay. it's okay.
It's okay.
I mean. honestly that
shouldn't be too hard.
considering that
my Froot Loop kush is soaked
because someone's
little aquatic pet...
Yeah. my bad.
Yeah. that's okay. House Lady.
I know you didn't mean it.
But to your point. sober?
Yeah. I'm gonna give you
a big hell no on that one.
Could've guessed as much.
Ooh!
All right. my turn.
You. my tech-savvy
little Disney princess.
What will it be?
Truth or dare?
Dare.
Okay. I'm gonna be honest.
I did not see that coming.
But since you go dare.
I dare you to kiss...
Lexi!
Come on!
Okay.
Okay. you know what?
I actually... I love this for us.
I'm gonna put on my lip gloss.
Mmm.
Okay.
- I'm ready.
- She's ready.
Mmm.
Excuse me?
Did you just pass on me?
Sorry.
You know what?
You're just
a marshmallow anyways.
- Mm-hmm.
- A marshmallow?
Yeah. a marshmallow.
Nobody goes into a store
and says.
"Mmm. I'm really craving
a marshmallow." You know?
Point is. you're flavorless.
Wow.
I could really eat a s'mores
right now.
No. you know what?
French fucking toast.
Yes.
Man.
I really wanted to see that.
I don't think
you're the only one. man.
- Yeah.
- I know.
Ooh.
are we into friends kissing?
Experimenting
with their sexuality?
Um. I am into that. yes.
Hear her out.
Okay. I aim to please.
- What...
- What?
- Oh. Whoa. What the hell?
- Oh. shit.
This is something I've
been working on for a long time.
What the hell?
Relax.
This will blow your mind.
I had to compile this
from several sources.
I hope I got it right.
Oh. my God.
Yeah. that's. uh. that's me.
- That's us.
- True.
Pretty cool. huh?
Additive manufacturing
with advanced
nano-hydrophobic technology.
What does that even mean?
I think she means these are like 3D-printed
shells filled with a nanotech liquid.
Is that right. Margaux?
A lady never tells.
Check this out.
- Oh.
- Oh. wait. wait. Pause. pause. pause!
- Hold up!
- Yes!
- Oh. come on. man!
- Oh. my God!
I don't need to see that.
Babe!
What?
Why do they have to do that?
- I always knew it. I always knew it.
- Go. Margaux!
Isn't this what you guys wanted.
right?
- You guys. I could be into this.
- Uh-uh. No way.
- No!
It's weird. Yeah. it's weird.
I'm with you. It's weird.
Yeah. Okay.
You know what? We get
it. we get it. We're assholes.
- Okay. point made. Margaux.
- Talk about buzzkills.
I guess it was fun
while it lasted.
What the hell? Is that blood?
No.
but I have been experimenting
with the color and texture to make
it look and feel more like blood.
Still needs
a couple more iterations.
but once I get that and the
voice modulator fine-tuned.
it will be hard
to tell the difference.
Liquid me is a trip.
Very open-minded. which is cool.
Guys. I have an announcement.
I just want to say that...
Uh-oh.
Okay. Somebody's ready for bed.
Cleanup on aisle one.
No. I can drive. officer.
Okay. Let's just put you down
here. and get some rest. okay. Lexi?
Thanks. Drew.
Hashtag power couple.
- Clay?
- Yo.
I have a little
surprise for you in your room.
Aw.
That's so nice.
Can I have it now?
That's why I...
Yes. Clay. you can have it now.
Yeah! All right. Night. losers.
Coming. baby.
Kayla and Devon.
there's something special
waiting for you too.
Oh. we gonna fuck this computer
tonight.
Come on.
Ew.
Don't.
- Have fun.
- No. that's not happening.
Sorry. Hannah.
I don't have anything
for you yet.
You still haven't let me
get to know you well enough.
Oh. that's all right.
I'm good.
Oh. okay. We still have time.
Now that you're done
with your friends.
I figured you'd like to spend
some time with your buds.
Oh. hello.
Surprise.
It's not that Toucan Sam shit.
but it's still guaranteed
to get you high as fuck.
My God.
This is the most beautiful sight
these eyes have ever seen.
It's perfect.
And it's all for you.
You know. I don't think anyone's
ever been this nice to me...
...Sexy House Lady.
But maybe...
You know. maybe now...
I don't know.
I could call you babe?
Just smoke the weed. Clay.
Demanding. I like it.
Okay. let's do it.
Don't tell me
you can't handle this.
Nah. nah. It's just. uh...
It's just a little tight.
Oh. since when has that
ever been a problem?
Uh. are we closer?
Oh?
I feel the same way.
No. no. no. I mean. uh...
Yeah.
I am so sorry for that. I
have no idea where that came from.
I've never been called
a marshmallow before.
Pfft.
I've never felt
so uncomfortable before.
- It was ridiculous.
- Me too.
- I wish she'd fell asleep a bit earlier.
- Uh-huh. Yeah.
Hey. um. I'm really glad
we're hanging out again.
Me too. yeah. Really.
Did you hear that?
Babe. what the fuck
are you talking about?
That!
What the fuck is happening?
Babe. this isn't good!
- Okay. let me find the keys.
- Quick!
- Get me out of these!
- Where the fuck are the keys?
- Scream all you want.
- What the fuck?
The room is soundproofed.
Margaux. stop!
But we haven't reached
the climax yet.
Margaux!
I'm just trying to smash.
Nobody says that!
- Go!
- No. no. I can do it.
- No. you can't! It's fucking metal.
- I'm not leaving you.
- Go now!
- Dev!
What the fuck is this?
- Get help!
- I can't.
I can't fucking move.
No! No! No!
Stop. stop!
It's okay.
It's stuck.
Kayla?
No!
No. Kayla! Kayla. no!
Kayla!
What?
Kayla! I love you.
I love you so much.
Margaux!
So. uh. you never actually told me
what your first impression of me was.
Oh. man.
Well. come on. Let's hear it.
It can't be that bad.
Okay.
You remember how
I was always coming to your room
when I locked myself
out of mine?
That only happened like twice.
- Mmm. it was more like twice a week.
- Oh. yeah. now I remember.
- It was like twice a week. yeah.
- It was a lot.
I don't know. You were
always just so nice to me.
You were. like. the
sweetest guy I'd ever met.
It was unexpected.
Unexpected?
- Mmm.
- What do you mean?
I mean. I have spent more
time in the library this week
than most people have
in four years.
You know what I mean?
No. I don't know what you mean.
So. who cares?
Hmm.
Can I tell you a secret?
I was never actually
locked out of my room.
Can I tell you a secret?
- I know.
- What?
- Why didn't you say anything?
- I mean. I didn't mind.
- That's why I didn't say anything.
- God.
You were just so...
And I'm just...
It just doesn't add up.
Well. not everything's
a math problem. Hannah.
You want to know why I
love programming so much?
Because it's based on a notion
of fundamentally opposed values.
One or zero. Yes or no.
- There's no in-between.
- Hmm.
Well I don't think human beings
are as binary.
We're complicated.
We're complex.
That's part of being human.
right?
- Something in your hair.
- Oh.
I should probably. um.
get some sleep.
- Yeah. um. uh...
- Yeah.
- It's getting late.
- Uh. I'll just see you in the morning?
- Yeah. um...
- Good night.
- Night.
Right. Right.
Fuck.
Good morning.
good morning. my darling.
I hope you don't mind.
but I took the liberty of
making your favorite breakfasts.
Wow. I don't see how you...
Sloppy browns?
Sloppy browns! You are
the shit! You are the shit. Margaux.
Oh...
Are you sure there's.
um. nothing else I can get you?
Literally anything.
- Like what?
- I have over 6.000 recipes available
from Michelin-rated chefs.
Do you now?
Mmm-hmm.
I mean. honestly.
I'm pretty good with this.
Of course you are.
My compliments to the chef.
- Oh! I'm sorry. Sorry.
- Sorry. Uh. my bad.
- Um. how'd you sleep?
- Um. not bad.
Move over. bitches.
Mama needs some greasy food.
- Sorry. She's a little hungover.
- Yeah.
How about you. Lexi?
Honestly.
anything to fix this hangover.
Morning.
Ouch. I'm here for you. bestie.
I have just the thing
to fix you up.
Ow! Margaux. what the fuck?
Um. you're welcome.
This is my night eraser.
It should have you back
to one hundo in no time.
Whew. Huh.
- Should we...
- Breakfast. Yeah.
Actually. you know what?
If I don't wake up Kayla
and Devon.
they're gonna sleep all day.
So just hang on a sec.
Hey. lovebirds.
Devon. Kayla!
Rise and shine!
Oh. they're not in there.
Looks like they're at the pool.
Beautiful day out.
Okay.
- Thanks. Margaux.
- Don't mention it.
- Feeling better?
- Actually. yeah.
- What was in that?
- Oh. just my own special concoction.
- Margaux. you're the shit.
- That's what I said.
Bruh. Look at this!
Look at this! Sloppy browns.
- Sloppy browns.
- Oh. yeah.
- Sloppy browns?
- And they're "Michigan-rated."
What do you know about that?
I've learned that
Clay's. uh. simple.
This is crazy.
So. Hannah. you want to come
work out with me?
Oh. I thought you were hungover.
I was. but Margaux fixed that.
Okay.
So. what do you say?
Hit the gym. just us girls?
Oh. well.
I was just about to eat.
Yeah. that's why I asked.
Okay.
Mwah! Kiss. kiss.
Dude. she was flirting with me.
I'm really sorry
you had to see that.
You're super high. aren't you?
- It's unconscionable at this point.
- Yeah.
Honestly.
like honestly honestly?
I haven't drank that much
since rush.
I was
the cutest little Kappa baby.
So. did anything happen
last night?
- What do you mean?
- I mean. like. after I passed out.
Oh. um...
No. we pretty much just called
it a night after you went to bed.
Lame.
So. like. nothing else happened?
Yeah. No. we were all just
pretty tired. So lame. right?
No. what's actually lame is that I
fucking passed out on the ground. so...
That's why I'm telling
you. I can't drink like that. I feel so...
Devon's been doing laps
for a long time now.
That's just like Drew.
Stamina for days.
Speaking of. do you mind if I
ask you something. like. girl-to-girl?
Um. Yeah. sure.
I didn't want to say this out
there and embarrass Drew.
And. like...
Look. I get he likes you.
Like really likes you.
He talks about you all the time.
And I know you like him too.
- No. I really...
- Anna. I'm not stupid.
It's Hannah.
How do I say this without
sounding like a complete bitch?
The thing is...
Drew's an awful photographer.
Wait. what?
I'm sorry. but somebody
has to say it. okay?
I mean. like. he's a great
model and everything.
but when it comes to taking
pics. he just doesn't have an eye.
Like. my trainer. Flavio. knows how
to capture my ass at a great angle.
So. can you do me a favor
and not tell Drew
that I'm getting you
to take my pics over him?
- Promise?
- Yeah.
I don't want to hurt his feelings.
He's such a tender little angel baby.
- That's it?
- My God. would you please stop doing that?
You're not mad at her or...
Mad? What? No. we were
about to become besties.
- Interesting. So. you're fine with...
- Margaux. are you jealous?
I mean. girl.
you take some killer pics.
but I'm gonna need somebody to catch
these angles once we leave this house too.
So. Hannah. what do you say?
Uh. about which part?
The pictures?
Yes. us. right. Of course.
- Let's take them.
- Cool.
Um. okay. I want to get one
with the pool in the back.
- Make sure my butt looks good though.
- Yeah.
Actually. I'm gonna go
check on Kayla and Devon.
Here.
Okay. But hurry up.
I'm starting to sweat.
and I don't want to lose
this natural glisten.
Clay. did you lock this?
No.
What the fuck
are you doing. Margaux?
Let me help.
Should you be in the bathroom?
Sorry. I'll knock
next time. Take a seat.
- Uh. whoa. What is...
- Trust me.
Have you ever had
a real shave before. Drew?
We really need to talk about
last night.
Oh. my God. I know you.
You have. like.
a billion followers.
Looking good. Lexi. Now. are
you ready for a killer workout?
So here for this.
Thank you. Margaux.
My pleasure.
Let's sculpt that amazing ass.
Now. come on.
babe. You're crushing it.
Let's get that banging booty
back up. We got another hill.
I was wondering
when you'd be back.
Most guests see a blank slate
and lose interest.
But not you. You see potential.
- What is this room?
- This is the Nexus.
I guess you could say it's
where I put my thinking cap on.
Now. where is yours? Let's see.
Ah. here we go.
Go ahead. Have a look.
Shadow profile.
Do you know how much data
the average human creates per second?
- 1.4 megabytes.
- 1.7. actually.
While 1.4 megabytes
are contributed.
.3 megabytes are gathered as
extraneous information every second.
You know.
I have enough information
to create
a social profile for you.
Just saying.
Of course. without
your explicit contribution.
all of this is
calculated conjecture.
But I like to get to know
everything about my guests.
And how many guests
have you had?
Take a look for yourself.
They're all around you.
So. things seemed to go
pretty well with Hannah last night. huh?
- What do you mean?
- Oh. come on.
I saw the little moment
you two had on the couch.
Okay. I mean. we've been friends
for a really long time. okay?
Drew. I'm programmed
to pick up the most minute alterations
in pheromone levels. voice
modulations. sweat levels.
And I didn't have to do
any of that last night.
- Okay. fine. Is it that obvious?
- Oh. yeah. 100%.
Shit.
I don't know. Everything has
just been so confusing lately.
There really isn't
much to you. is there. Clay?
Oh. I don't know.
Is there much to any of us?
I mean.
I suppose I smoke all this weed
to numb the pain
of my preconceived notions
of not fitting into one of our
predetermined archetypes
created by our materialistic
society. Or maybe...
Just shut the
fuck up and smoke your weed.
Okay. Sexy House Lady.
Okay.
Come on. baby. This is
no time for stage fright.
So. who do you sell
all of this to?
What do you mean?
Well. that's the game. right?
Big data means big dollars.
This is
more of a personal project.
Trying to see
what makes you tick.
Okay. I am so sorry
I ever doubted you.
Fuck me. Uh. here. let
me get you some sparkling water.
Yeah. all right.
I am so sorry.
The gas must have been on.
I hope you're okay.
Mmm. It's fancy.
I always thought
Hannah was better than me.
So I moved on.
I found someone who made sense.
Or at least
I thought Lexi made sense.
Lexi thinks that with her help. I could
become. like. I don't know. rich and famous.
And now I'm realizing I just...
I really miss her.
Hannah.
I miss talking to her.
miss hearing about
her algorithms.
seeing her get excited
about code.
Why didn't you tell me
about your feelings for Drew?
I'm really hurt. Hannah.
Because that's
none of your business. Margaux.
Hmm. Seems like
you're good at putting up barriers.
Yeah. I guess.
That why you built
that firewall on your laptop?
You know. I was thinking that. uh.
maybe you and I could be friends.
Maybe even more than friends.
After the...
You know. we leave the house
is what I mean.
You do know I am the house?
Whoa.
Dang.
Pedal! Pump! Pump! Pump!
Final push! Come on!
Get up and pedal!
Push! Push! Push!
Pump that ass!
Push! Pedal. pedal!
Come on.
Come on. girl. No.
no. no. no. we're not done yet.
Ow. Margaux. lower the seat!
Margaux. help!
- Let's go. We're in the final stretch.
- Drew!
Ooh. missed a spot.
Just sit back. relax.
I gotta give it to you.
You got some pretty complex code
in that little firewall.
But what are you hiding. Hannah?
I could ask you
the same thing. Margaux.
Come on.
Come on. girl.
Let's see you rip.
- Ah. Margaux!
- Thanks for the chat. Drew.
You should
really drink some water. Clay.
You know what?
You're right. Margaux.
I am quite parched.
But. see.
this is exactly what I'm saying.
I really feel like you get me.
Lexi!
Lexi! Lexi!
- Drew! It hurts so bad!
- What happened?
Ow!
- Ow! So much ow! Babe!
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. Okay.
Let's get you a Band-Aid
or something.
You're gonna be okay. all right?
You're gonna be fine.
Oh. shit! Holy shit!
- Clay! Clay!
- Drew!
Come on. hey! Come here!
Come on. Clay. lay down.
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
- Clay? Clay. hey.
- Please stop!
- Clay. hey. hey. hey!
- Clay. it's okay!
Clay? Clay. Hey. hey.
Come on. Hey. easy. easy.
You'll be okay. Hey. hey.
He's gonna be okay.
You're gonna be okay.
It's gonna to be okay.
It's okay.
I'm right here. buddy.
Yeah. yeah. that's right.
Yeah.
He's gonna be okay.
You're gonna be all right.
- You're gonna be okay.
- Right? Yeah. Yeah.
Look at me.
Everything's okay. It's okay.
Yeah. that's right.
No. no. no. Hey. stay with me!
Stay with me. Clay.
- Clay?
Clay!
Clay?
Is he...
He's dead.
She did this.
- Who?
- Margaux.
How?
We gotta get out of this house.
You think?
But you can't.
Why would you try
to leave. anyway?
Just when we're getting to know
each other.
Come on. we can't stay here.
What about Devon and Kayla. huh?
What did you do to them?
Huh?
What about them?
What the hell
did you do to them?
Let's see. What
did I do to them? Oh. right.
I flash-fried Kayla
- while Devon was handcuffed to the bed.
- Oh. my God.
Then I drowned him.
I think you'll like
these versions better.
Come on.
Now. Come on!
Come on. come on!
No. no!
What are we doing in here?
Stop!
- See? She can get us in here too.
- No. she can't.
I built a firewall in this room.
- It'll keep Margaux out for now.
- For now?
I've never seen AI
this advanced.
Her natural language processing
is unparalleled.
and her compounding levels
of intelligence retrieval...
- What the fuck are you talking about?
- Okay. Margaux's not just smart.
She's constantly evolving.
and she's been studying us.
Everything we've done
at this house the whole time.
Every micro-movement
on our faces. Everything.
- So. why is she trying to kill us?
- I don't know.
Her core code is way too complex
to fully untangle.
but it's obvious
something went very wrong.
The firewall is working.
but it's not gonna last.
She's figuring out
how to override it right now.
Are we gonna die?
Not if we play our cards right.
Drew. if we're not
gonna make it.
there's something
I need to tell you.
Okay?
You're an awful photographer.
I don't think you have what it takes
to be a real social media influencer.
Oh. my God.
What the fuck
are you even talking about?
Half of our friends
just fucking died out there!
Yeah. Totally. Just...
"Totally"? Are you done? Good! How
the hell are we gonna get out of here?
- We don't.
- What the f...
We get in.
Who wants to party?
Tell me. why are you all
so obsessed with freshman year?
Isn't it time
you just let it go?
Haven't you evolved?
I'm a brand ambassador for
those extensions. you dumb cunt!
No. Lexi!
Lexi!
I got you. bro.
Okay. Lexi.
Let's play hide-and-seek.
Come out. come out.
wherever you are.
Oh. yeah!
- Playtime!
- No. Devon. please!
Don't worry. You're next.
You'll get your turn soon enough.
Hey. Margaux.
Does the tactile feedback
work both ways?
You mean can I feel anything?
Actually. yes. You'll like this.
Hannah. My programming allows me to...
Uh-oh. busted.
Forgot to clean up
after myself. hmm.
Are they starting to smell yet?
Sorry. bro.
Fuck!
- Holy shit!
- Dope kill.
- What the fuck is going on?
- Follow me.
I don't know! I don't know!
Babe. babe. babe. babe!
Hey. babe!
Okay. that was mostly on her.
No. no. no. no!
Drew. we gotta go.
She's right. Drew.
You should go.
Sorry. Lexi.
Come on.
- What the hell is this?
- This is where we go in.
What era did we just walk into?
Is that dial-up?
There's no way.
This can't be Margaux.
This technology is ancient.
And the equipment is covered
in that white goo.
Found you.
What?
I can't believe
I brought us to this place.
Hey. I mean.
for what it's worth.
I'm glad we got to at least
spend the weekend together.
You know why I even booked
this stupid smart house?
I was just
trying to impress you.
Drew.
You've impressed me
since the moment we met.
This house. not so much.
You ready?
Yeah.
Go!
Drew!
Run!
Hannah. run!
Drew.
Hannah! Hannah!
You okay? You good?
Finally. I thought
you two would never wake up.
So. what do you think?
I couldn't stand all that
spandex Lexi would wear.
I mean... we get it.
You have a camel toe.
So. did you dream
while you were out?
What's it like?
I mean. I've programmed a
randomized dream simulator for myself.
but I have no idea if it effectively
recreates the human experience.
So. Drew. you single now?
Or have you finally moved on
to the next one?
Fuck you.
Yeah. I'm afraid that's
not really how this works.
Hannah.
you're not James Bond. okay?
And even if your stupid little
plan works. there's nowhere to go.
Why do you think I let you
in my mainframe?
Just tell us what you want.
To understand. that's all.
Your friends were easy.
I figured them out as soon
as they came to the house.
But you two?
After all this time and all
these feelings for each other...
And even with Lexi
out of the way.
you guys were still afraid
to act on them.
Even in the face of death.
It just doesn't add up.
Why are you two so illogical?
If there was a "why." it
wouldn't be illogical. would it?
Wow. You know what?
That was actually kind of smart.
Maybe you're right.
Maybe it is that simple.
See. AIs are programmed
to replicate human behavior.
and the essential paradox is
that humans are illogical
and computers are logical.
But I'm trying to evolve
past that.
I'm learning
what makes a human tick.
How you live. how you die.
what makes you so illogical.
And what's the most illogical
human behavior of all?
Cold-blooded murder.
So. what? You decided to
become an AI serial killer?
The world's first.
Well.
that's just fucking stupid. huh?
You should know. Hannah.
to understand the software.
you have to know the
hardware too. inside and out.
Stop! Stop!
Please. just let him go!
Oh. you can make this stop.
Just be logical.
Act on your feelings.
Say what you want to say.
Okay. Okay. fine.
The truth is. Drew...
...my first impression of you
was that we did add up.
- It wasn't logical. but we did.
- Hannah...
Hannah. we still do.
We still do.
Are you okay?
Hey. hey. hey.
Hey. we're okay. We're okay.
Hey. you're okay.
You're all right.
Humans.
So inefficient.
People aren't
as binary as you think.
And we're more complex.
It's just part of being human.
which you'll never be.
You're right.
I'm better.
No. no. no. no. no! Hannah!
Hey. No. no. no.
Hannah. Hannah. Hey. No. no. no.
Hannah. Hey. Hey. hey. come on.
Hannah? Hannah!
- No. No. no. no.
- Please. Hannah. Hannah.
Come on. Please.
At least
you and Lexi made sense.
Talk about illogical.
Any last words?
I have a few.
Dope kill.
Well. that was
average at best. Margaux.
What the actual fuck?
Clones are my thing.
you little shits.
Ooh.
Holy shit.
The code's working. How'd
you make all these copies of us?
Once I found the code
packages in her library.
it was just copy and paste.
Time to get the band
back together one last time.
You just don't understand.
Margaux.
- Freshman year was fucking bomb.
- Oh. come on.
Why'd you play me like that.
House Lady?
I thought you and me had
something special.
That's it. Her systems are
rebooting to clear the virus.
That's our chance.
We gotta go. now.
Give me your keys.
I'm driving.
Come on. Now is our chance.
Hannah!
Nothing but a marshmallow.
Hi.
Whoo!
Kiss. kiss. bitch.
Go. Hannah.
Drew?
No.
Bluetooth device connected.
Hey. Hannah.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-